Adding the fail_limit option for push and checkout (#104)
HPInc/ml-git: docs/mlgit_commands.md

<br>

```

> Usage: ml-git models checkout [OPTIONS] ML_ENTITY_TAG

Author: It was unintentionally removed. Added again on 2e76e60.

  Checkout the ML_ENTITY_TAG|ML_ENTITY of a model set into user workspace.

Options:
  -l, --with-labels     The checkout associated labels  in user workspace as
                        well.
  -d, --with-dataset    The checkout associated dataset in user workspace as
                        well.
  --retry INTEGER       Number of retries to download the files from the
                        storage [default: 2].
  --force               Force checkout command to delete untracked/uncommitted
                        files from local repository.
  --bare                Ability to add/commit/push without having the ml-
                        entity checked out.
  --version INTEGER     Number of artifact version to be downloaded [default:
                        latest].

>   --fail-limit INTEGER  Failure limit to abort the command [default: no
>                         limit].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --fail-limit INTEGER  Number of failures before aborting the command [default: no limit].
```

  storage.

Options:
  --retry INTEGER       Number of retries to download the files from the
                        storage [default: 2].
  --clearonfail         Remove the files from the storage in case of failure
                        during the push operation.

>   --fail-limit INTEGER  Failure limit to abort the command [default: no
>                         limit].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --fail-limit INTEGER  Number of failures before aborting the command [default: no limit].
```
